Update 102-promises.md (#1753)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/104-nodejs-async-programming/102-promises.md

> # Promises
> 
> A promise is commonly defined as a proxy for a value that will eventually become available
> Asynchronous functions use promise behind the scens, so understanding how promises work is fundamental to understanding how "async" and "await" works.
> Once a promise has been called, it will start in a pending state. This means that the calling function continues executing, while the promise is pending until it resolves, giving the calling function whatever data was being requested.
> 
> Creating a Promise:
> The Promise API exposes a Promise constructor, which you initialize using newPromise().
> 
> Using resolve() and reject(), we can communicate back to the caller what the resulting Promise state was, and what to do with it.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/understanding-javascript-promises/'>Understanding Javascript Promises</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise Methods</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.promisejs.org/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-promises-for-beginners/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_8nrslImo4/'>Asynchronous JavaScript - Promises</BadgeLink>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Promises

A promise is commonly defined as a proxy for a value that will eventually become available. Asynchronous functions use promises behind the scenes, so understanding how promises work is fundamental to understanding how "async" and "await" work.

Once a promise has been called, it will start in a pending state. This means that the calling function continues executing while the promise is pending until it resolves, giving the calling function whatever data was requested.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/understanding-javascript-promises/'>Understanding Javascript Promises</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise Methods</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-promises-for-beginners/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_8nrslImo4/'>Asynchronous JavaScript - Promises</BadgeLink>
```
